SCP: 8002

Object class: Euclid Keter

Special containment procedures:-

Instances of SCP 8002 are to be contained in a standard 30ftx30ft containment cell with enough room to not elicit immediate attention from SCP 8002-1 instances. When no foundation staff are present within SCP 8002’s holding cell, video surveillance is to keep note of behavior from 8002-1 instances. If any deviation in behavior is observed, it is to be noted on the system and all senior staff are to be informed.

Should a non-D class foundation member unintentionally be captured by SCP 8002-1 instances, on site security or MTF squad ‘Party Poopers’ should be informed to use the appropriate methods to invoke release.

Description: SCP 8002 is a 6ft insect hive-shaped helium gas tank, with the base of the gas tank being 4 ft in diameter and the tip being 1 ft in diameter. Dotted around its surface are indentations along its surface with gas nozzles within these small spaces. The internal volume of SCP 8002 appears inconsistent with the volume of gas it has so far produced, with it being theorised there may, in fact, not be a limit. The helium gas appears to be non-anomalous when not within SCP 8002-1 instances, acting like standard helium. Furthermore, it seems as if the helium has no adverse effects on those trapped inside by 8002-1 instances, and can provide oxygen to an occupant for hours.

SCP 8002 will automatically produce balloons from the nozzles at a rate of one per minute. SCP 8002 will limit the number of 8002-1 produced if there are more than twenty instances within a 4 metre range. It is unknown where it gets the materials for the balloons or the strings, adding credence to there not being a limit to SCP 8002’s internal resources.

All balloons, dubbed SCP 8002-1, produced by SCP 8002 take on an anomalous property, correlating to the color of the balloon created. Once released, all SCP 8002-1 balloons appear to take on an insect-like behaviour, floating or tying themselves to SCP 8002 when undisturbed by human proximity to SCP 8002.

SCP 8002-1 instances may occasionally wander from SCP 8002 to explore the surrounding environment, usually exploring for places of interest. Instances of 8002-1 are docile if they encounter a human outside of SCP 8002’s proximity, and will sometimes play with foundation personnel using the balloon’s respective ability.

SCP 8002 and its instances have shown signs of intelligence and sentience, interacting with foundation staff in a playful and often mischievous manner. Since its containment, instances of SCP 8002-1 have remained friendly with foundation staff, though attempts to communicate with the hive have been unsuccessful. At first, it was unclear if SCP 8002 possessed any higher brain functions. Despite its use of intelligence when coordinating with its balloons, it has made no attempts to respond to foundation staff's attempts to speak with it.

The pink instances of SCP 8002-1 often approach foundation personnel and gently rub themselves against them, creating a strange tingly sensation that results in a ticklish reaction. This sensation can be felt through clothes and even tactical gear, but it is felt strongest when through direct contact with skin. The balloons also create a high-pitched giggle-like sound when tickling. It doesn't seem to make a difference where the pink balloons touch, as they can invoke a ticklish reaction no matter what part of the body they come in contact with. These balloons seem to be SCP-8002's preferred method of playing, often attempting to take foundation members by surprise as a prank, hiding behind furniture or around corners before lunging out for a tickle attack.

Sometimes, a red balloon will be deployed to encapsulate foundation members, expanding in size to accommodate its occupant for pulling them in. At first, foundation member April was alarmed upon being enveloped in the red balloon before realizing that the entity meant her no harm. The balloon seemed to release her once she began to express discomfort in her encapsulation. SCP 8002 doesn't use these balloons on foundation staff often, as it is mostly deployed as a defensive measure. These red balloons are capable of carrying an occupant and lifting them in the air regardless of their size or weight, and does not seem to hinder their mobility.

Oftentimes, some personnel will be approached by the jiggly blue balloons, which will envelop and gently hug a part of their body, sometimes an arm, or maybe their chest, which seems to be SCP 8002’s way of showing affection. Even the red balloons have often been used to embrace the foundation personnel, albeit in a much more playful manner, often squeezing them tightly to the point where they cannot break free.

These balloons will not attack unless provoked, and will otherwise remain docile. Fortunately, SCP 8002 is not easily provoked, and will only become aggressive if the hive is intentionally harmed. This was evident during the event of SCP 8002’s day of containment, where it only deployed defensive measures when first coming into contact with the foundation.

Discovery: An anomalous helium tank was reported at a warehouse in upstate New York, described as an autonomous helium tank in the shape of a beehive. When Foundation agents approached the helium tank, two red instances of SCP 8002-1 reacted by approaching the foundation agents before inflating several times their size.

 Before they could retreat, both balloons appeared to wrap themselves around the foundation agents, squeezing them and quickly silencing their muffled screams. The squeezing only seemed to last a couple of seconds before both Foundation agents were seemingly pulled through the rubber and into the interior of the balloons.

Both instances of SCP-8002-1 then carried both agents several feet away from SCP-8002, with both balloons before becoming stationary on the other side of the warehouse. Meanwhile, all the other balloons circled cells around SCP-8002 as if forming a perimeter. The foundation agents wasted no time attempting to free the foundation members encapsulated in the balloons, once it was obvious they couldn't escape on their own. Their punches, kicks and even digging their nails in the rubber seemed to do nothing, leaving them utterly trapped in a prison of inflated latex.

The MTF Squad then opened fire on the balloons, but the bullets harmlessly fell to the floor upon impact. Instead of ricocheting off the rubber, it seemed as though the balloons had nullified the projectile's kinetic energy. While attempting to free their associates, the MTF Squad failed to notice the multitude of clear balloons flying towards them. But instead of capturing them, the balloons enveloped their weapons, snatching them out of their hands before floating several feet in the air before popping. In the blink of an eye the weapons were gone, vanishing with the balloons.

After the destruction of their weaponry, the MTF Squad were then ordered by dispatch to no longer tamper with the other balloons, fearing that they may retaliate further, much to the dismay of the two trapped agents, who were simply instructed not to waste their breath.

Later on, a Foundation big rig with an armored trailer was brought into the warehouse, where a robotic arm was deployed to scoop up SCP-8002 onto a metal platform before being stored onto the trailer. Oddly enough, the instances of scp-8002-1 did not retaliate, but followed the tank into the trailer piling themselves in by the dozens.

With that, the two enlarged balloons released the foundation agents, allowing them to slip through the rubber with a wet pop before floating into the container with the others.

Even after 30 minutes of being trapped, the foundation agents had not run out of air, even though the inside had a consistent smell of fresh latex, the oxygen never felt too thin or stale. Neither agent suffered any adverse effects from their prolonged entrapment.

Upon further inspection of the warehouse, an empty box with the branding of Miss Holly's Party Emporium was found discarded on the floor, with an identical picture of the balloon hive printed on the box.

The box read as follows: “Miss Holly's Bombastic Balloon Hive! Brighten up your party with a banquet of lively balloons, perfect for breaking the ice with guests. Partying alone? The balloon hive can still spice things up by making a full house.”

As of this most recent document, there have been 7 types of SCP 8002-1 that have been documented.

    Red balloons are SCP’s 8002 primary defensive measures. These balloons will chase down and envelope their target, wrapping around them in a hug-like vice while tightly squeezing them. Much like an amoeba, the target will then be sucked into the balloon through its latex surface, leaving them encapsulated. They normally appear slightly larger than the other counterparts for this purpose. They are far more likely to venture outside of SCP 8002’s territory range, potentially being naturally more curious. These instances will inflate in size when pursuing a target or preparing to envelop them. Their size does not seem to affect their momentum, effortlessly catching up to their target before capturing them. The red latex surface cannot be punctured or damaged by any known means, leaving the target trapped until SCP 8002 decides to release them. The latex also appears to be soundproof, but only from the inside, likely in order to keep the occupant quiet. These balloons have also been used to shield the hive, or on rare occasions using their size to wrestle or pin down an aggressor. They are often the more numerous type of SCP-8002-1.

Blue balloons are SCP 8002's most versatile instance, with a much more wobbly and flexible structure like a gelatinous blob, which it uses to interact with the world around it. These balloons are the hive’s primary means of interacting with staff, often using their shapeshifting properties to entertain or cuddle them. However, these balloons are also one of SCP 8002's most effective means of offense. Using their malleable bodies, these balloons can ensnare and restrain targets by expanding their bodies or stretching into tendrils to initiate different methods of bondage. Despite their small size they can even encapsulate a target by expanding and molding around their body like a suit. These balloons used as a means for 8002 to interact with their surroundings, like grabbing objects, and using tools. They seem to be less stable with their surface and appear to wobble like jelly when floating towards their target due to their expansive ability.

Pink balloons are SCP 8002s most peculiar utility, as they do not seem to serve defensive or even offensive purpose. Rather than encapsulating or binding a target, a pink balloon will rub itself against someone, creating a pleasant tingling sensation akin to being tickled. This results in the target bursting in a bit of giggles, in which the pink balloon may proceed to bind its target, boasting longer, thicker strings for the purpose. Oftentimes multiple pink balloons will encircle at target and tickle them from multiple angles, resulting in a fit of blissful laughter. While being playful, the balloons may not bother binding their target when working in the group. It doesn’t matter if the target is wearing clothes or body armor, they will feel the tingling touch of the pink balloon on whatever part of the body it rubs itself against. Coincidentally, much like SCP 999, anyone who is tickled by a pink balloon will be left with a lingering sense of euphoria. However, unlike 999 subjects and staff have also described feeling somewhat aroused after a contact. The pink balloons seem to be SCP 8002’s way of being playful, tickling anyone who it deems friendly. Occasionally, the hive will use them to play pranks on foundation staff, and tickle them by surprise.

Clear balloons will envelop a target similar to the red balloons, but rather than accomplishing this via hugging the target, they will simply slip through the latex with the consistency of jelly, with little resistance from the surface tension as if being encapsulated by a bubble. A moment after envelopment, the balloon will pull away and release said target, allowing them to pass through the surface as easily as they came in before floating out of reach. However any accessories or equipment worn by the target will be anonymously removed after their envelopment, and destroyed upon the bursting of instances shortly after. Though these instances have no effect on organic matter, they will destroy whatever they encapsulate without a trace, as if wiped from existence. These clear balloons seemed to be the most expendable unit deployed by SCP 8002, and the only one capable of popping alongside the green balloons. 

These were the only instances of SCP 8002 - 1 the foundation knew of in the first 2 weeks of containment. However after incident, █████, Foundation staff found themselves on the receiving end of the hive’s more defensive units. (See Addendum A SCP 8002 Containment Breach incident)

    Black balloons act as the hive’s sentry of sorts. Rather than chasing a target directly, a black balloon will become stationary and eject smaller balloons from its body like projectiles. These projectiles will stick to a target and inflate to immobilize them. They are less shiny in appearance due to their adhesive properties, looking more like glossy balls of tar. Upon adhesion, they will grow in size to further envelope their target, fusing together with other balloons should they connect. These Balloons do not float, rather they seem to be filled with some kind of liquid, becoming heavier and emanating a hissing bubbling sound while inflating. Balloons will continue to inflate and expand until the target is completely covered, only stopping 10 to 15 seconds after envelopment. Staff who have been apprehended by this instance have described the experience as like being in a tight squeaky sensory deprivation pod, or like being buried in a pile water balloons. Even after the subject is covered the balloons will continue to squeeze them tighter and tighter until they can no longer move. Although terrifying at first, no one has described the experience as unpleasant, like being hugged tight inside of an artificial womb. All except for one soldier with crippling claustrophobia. Despite the target being completely enveloped, the balloons do not asphyxiate or constrict the occupant, feeding air to them by unknown means. Once SCP 8002 decides to release them, the adhesive balloons will simply slack and roll off the subject before evaporating like water droplets. 

Green balloons will contain gas that acts akin to a hypnotizing aphrodisiac. Greens will burst in approximate closeness to the target to affect its target for other balloons to take advantage of. Green variations of SCP 8002 have no string and are usually the smallest size. Green balloons will never wander outside of SCP 8002’s territory range, acting akin to an insect hive guard.

Purple balloons are the only instance of SCP-8002 that can be considered dangerous, as they will encapsulate their target before deflating around them, sealing them in a skin-tight hold. The subject will struggle for a brief few moments before their extremities inflate outwards into a cartoonishly exaggerated version of the subject, akin to a pool toy or a mascot costume. Effectively, this balloon will permanently transform its victim into a balloon. Fortunately, there is only one recorded victim of this particular instance, and SCP-8002 will only resort to using it when the hive is intentionally damaged or attacked.

It is unknown how SCP 8002 controls its hive, as the balloons themselves appear to be non-anomalous. Although the balloon appears to be made of non-anomalous latex, each varies slightly in touch and texture. The red balloons are slightly thicker than normal balloons. The blue balloons also have the appearance of normal latex but seem to be composed of a plastic-like substance, which would explain their more flexible properties. The pink balloons are slightly softer than its other counterparts, but lacks flexibility unlike its blue variant. The Back balloons appear more glossy and sparkly, and its projectiles seem to be composed of synthetic adhesive rubber jelly filled with an unknown liquid. The clear balloons, strangely enough, are not composed of rubber at all, but seem to be composed of water and oils that you would find in organic soap; this is despite feeling like normal latex by touch. The green balloons will typically pop on contact, however the gas inside is yet to be identified, but seems to be similar to a fragrance you smell in flowers. Lastly, the purple balloon is also made of normal latex with no one usual physical properties, however only one instance has ever been recorded.

Though SCP 8002 does not communicate with researchers, it has remained docile and even cooperative while being studied. Over time the hive has shown evidence of higher brain function through interaction with staff, and even appears to have a unique personality that shines through its instances. The balloons have regularly shown affection towards foundation staff it interacts with regularly and has even grown more playful and mischievous with others around the facility since its containment. Although along with SCP 8002’s more friendly nature, the foundation also discovered how easily instances of SCP 8002–1 can escape containment. All balloon variants are flexible enough to slip through the cracks of the containment chambers entrance with little effort, and have even been seen squeezing into the vents two more easily roam the facility. Given that these instances pose no threat to foundation staff, keeping them fully contained hasn't been an immediate priority, however, efforts to reinforce 8002’s chamber are ongoing, especially after the incident. (see addendum A)

It even seems to have a preference for certain staff, one of which being Dr Chaotic, who it seems to have a deep fondness for. Unlike the first encounter the foundation has had with one of Miss Holly's party products, this entity is relatively harmless and will not banish those who interact with it to a squeaky shadow realm.

Addendum A - SCP 8002 Containment Breach incident: After An unauthorized entry into scp-8002's chamber by another researcher with two MTF guards, Dr Chaotic would go in and attempt to stop them. What followed was a flood of SCP 8002-1 instances spilling out of the chamber like a swarm of angry bees. each bumping and squeaking against one other on their way out. Before Dr Chaotic could initiate containment procedures, a blue balloon quickly apprehended him, enveloping his hands into inflatable cuffs before coiling around the rest of his body. Even as the automatic containment systems kicked in, the door to SCP 8002’s chamber was jammed by its balloons. Not that containment procedures would have been sufficient to keep them inside, but it would have at least prevented the swarm from pouring out in large numbers.

Within minutes the east block of the containment facility was flooded by balloons, capturing, enveloping, and binding everyone in sight. Fortunately, the east block was quickly quarantined and sealed off before any could escape. MTF squads in the area were immediately mobilized to neutralize the balloons, but with little effect.

The first squad to initiate contact with the instances of SCP 8002-1 as they were approached by the clear balloons, each one the size of beach balls. Up to this point, the clear balloons were only known to destroy whatever they encased within their inflatable bodies, and in the panic, they immediately opened fire on the 8001 instances. Reportedly the bullets only passed through the balloons as if they were made of jelly, having little effect on the instances aside from causing them to jiggle. The balloons would then make physical contact with the squad, encasing them one by one by means of rapid inflation to accommodate the size of their targets. But instead of destroying the squad, the balloons would release them shortly after, pulling themselves away and floating back up into the air, along with the squad's clothes and equipment. Flabbergasted as they were left completely completely nude in the hallway, as the bubbles containing their weapons and uniforms before popped out of existence. Left naked and helpless they were quickly apprehended by a group of red balloons, tightly squeezed before being trapped.

In another corridor, an MTS squad attempted to use riot shields to keep the red balloons at bay while swatting at them with their batons. Though some of the clear balloons managed to grab some of their batons, they managed to hold their ground for a short time, even while the red balloons inflated to twice their size. But it wouldn't be long before some of the more flexible blue balloons snaked and squeezed their way past the riot shields, capturing the MTF squad in bondage. With the defensive line broken, the clear balloons would clean up their weapons and armor while the red ones would proceed to encase the squad.

One squad that had begun to retreat would have their escape route blocked by a solitary black balloon, which was Foundation staff's first encounter with this particular instance. Before the MTF Squad could think to fire, the black balloon suddenly spat a black rubber projectile from its surface, hitting one of the soldiers. Much to the Soldier's surprise, the rubber projectile had stuck to their chest and began to inflate with a loud hiss, along with a soft bubbling sound. The soldier began to panic as they attempted to remove the inflating ball of rubber, only for their hand to get stuck to its surface as it continued to grow. Despite the hissing sound it made, the balloon didn’t feel light, but rather hefty like a water balloon, and getting heavier with every passing second. With that, the black balloon began to fire upon the squad in rapid succession like a machine gun, pelting them one by one. Despite returning fire, it didn't take long for the inflating rubber balls to subdue the squad, hindering their limbs, and weighing upon them little by little. The Black Balloon did not cease fire until the squad was thoroughly pelted, With at least seven balloons stuck to each individual soldier. Each Soldier found themselves increasingly encumbered as the balloons grew around them. The balloons would stick to their arms and legs as they inflated around their bodies, weighing them down until they each collapsed on the floor. Within seconds each Soldier was completely immobilized and stuck to the floor, but the balloons continued to inflate around them, sticking to one another applying pressure to their bodies while covering them from head to toe. No matter how much the soldiers struggled, they could not free themselves before the balloons encompassed them completely. The balloons did not stop inflating until their targets were completely cocooned, squeezing them to the point where none of them could even move a finger.

  On the farther side of the East block, the last remaining squad had better luck than the others, using grenade launchers and shotguns loaded with rubber ammunition. While these projectiles were unable to pop the balloons, they proved much more effective than regular bullets, able to knock them back and keep them at bay. It seemed as though the balloons could not nullify the kinetic energy of the rubber projectiles, even so, the balloons did not let up and attempted to break through their defensive line. Just when the squad thought they had the upper hand, a group of pink balloons burst through a nearby vent, lunging at the soldiers and tickling them senseless. With their armor unable to protect them from their ticklish touch, they were no longer able to maintain fire as they were swarmed by clear balloons, which disposed of their armor and rubber weaponry. The soldiers, now nude and defenseless, were then bound by a group of blue balloons, and the pink balloons would resume their tickling. Even as the soldiers begged the balloons to stop, they continued to tickle them until they were tired out.

A group of researchers attempted to barricade themselves into a storage closet, hoping the balloons wouldn't find them. However, not only were they discovered by the swarm, but a blue instance of SCP 8002-1 managed to wrap itself around the knob and pick the lock open. With a click, the door swung open as a swarm of blue balloons poured into the room each latching onto the researchers and wrapping around them. The researchers were bound and gagged in different ways, some of the balloons covered their eyes like blindfolds, while others gagged their mouths to silence their calls for help. And their bodies were completely cocooned in rolls of inflatable tubes squeezing them tightly as if they had been stuffed into inflatable sleeping bags as they collapsed to the floor.

One particular group of 5 researchers had decided to make their way to the break room hoping that SCP 8002 and its swarm of balloons wouldn't be able to find them there. Fortunately, they had made it before any of the 8002-1 instances had noticed. Just as they got to work barricading the door, a single green balloon emerged from underneath a nearby couch. Startled, the researchers quickly huddled together, one breaking a nearby chair in order to use its busted leg as a bat.

But instead of lunging at them, the balloon began to wobble and bulge, looking as if something inside was trying to get out. Suddenly, the green balloon burst, instantly filling the room with a pink cloudy mist. Almost instantly upon breathing in the mist, their fears seemed to subside as they all began to chuckle amongst themselves, with silly smiles spreading across their faces as their cheeks turned rosy.

One by one, they each collapsed to the floor, stirring about with flushed faces. It appeared almost as if they were drunk. It wasn't long before the other instances of SCP 8002-1 had found them, with several blue balloons effortlessly slipping under the narrow cracks of the door as they approached the squirming researchers.

But rather than binding them, the balloons approach them more gently, expanding and wrapping around the researchers in large encompassing hugs. The balloons would then proceed to massage and knead the day's researchers, stroking them like pets as they whimpered and moaned from their affection. These balloons would continue this treatment until several red balloons managed to bust through the door, where they proceeded to apprehend the subdued researchers.

While the instances of SCP 8002-1 ran rampant throughout the east block, the chaos was observed in the monitoring room through the security feeds. Foundation staff grew increasingly alarmed as they watched their highly trained soldiers and personnel effortlessly captured and defeated by the balloons. Pretty soon, SCP 8002 began to round up and organize all the captured personnel, bringing them to the auditorium and lining them up like prisoners. Many were naked and carried inside of red balloons with others cocooned and bound in black and blue balloons, hauled in using their sturdy strings.

That's when some of the video feeds began going dark one by one, as it appeared the blue balloons were blocking their surveillance by enveloping the cameras. This worried the head of security, seeing just how swiftly the balloons managed to secure the east block of the site while also coordinating the swarm with alarming tactical efficiency. And given that not even their blast doors could contain or keep out SCP 8002-1 instances, it would only be a matter of time before they invaded the rest of the site. For a moment, the head of security considered taking extreme measures by sterilizing the east block, until staff noticed that one camera feed remained active.

Floating in front of the camera was a single solitary blue balloon which shifted and morphed itself into the shape of SCP 8002. Suddenly, the blue balloon popped a rip on the top ring of its structure, visibly releasing air while somehow maintaining its shape without deflating. It looked as if it was trying to illustrate a state of damage to scp-8002. The balloon then folded it on itself, repairing itself as it took the shape of a wrench, and proceeded to make a turning motion.

This was the first time Foundation staff had witnessed SCP 8002 actually making an attempt to communicate. The leading facility personnel considered an approach to communicate back, with Dr Toast bravely volunteering to use a whiteboard pen. On it he wrote “stop attacking, we can fix you if you release the staff.” intending to show it to one of the balloons, taking with him a repair kit.

Upon entering the east block, it wasn’t long before he was found by a patrolling blue balloon which darted towards him on sight, stretching its body as It prepared to envelop him. Toast stopped and displayed the whiteboard at the blue balloon which promptly halted in the air, almost like it was reading it.

The blue balloon’s structure then appeared to morph into a large hand, before pointing the hand at Dr Toast. The doctor carefully raised his own and shook hands with the instance, it's a pendant so large it enveloped half his arm. Then the blue balloon seemed to grab his hand and tug him in a direction. Dr Toast would be led to the chamber of SCP 8002, with all the balloons that were blocking his path moving aside and allowing space for him to move freely, which included those with trapped personnel.

Rows of red balloons containing naked foundation staff were lined up against the wall and many packed into different offices throughout the hall. Toast did his best not to stare as he kept his head forward, but even in his peripheral vision, he could see the humiliated and rather bashful expressions on the imprisoned staff. Others could be seen squirming and giggling within their balloons as if they were drunk, those who had fallen victim to the green balloons. Toast even found himself passing lined-up clusters of black balloons, each pile squirming and writhing on the floor as the moans of trapped foundation staff could be heard from within them.

Even after working at the foundation for several years, Dr Toast would not have believed this scenario had unfolded had he not witnessed the aftermath with his own eyes. Some of the foundation's finest… defeated by an army of balloons. Proceeding with caution, he dared not provoke the balloons even a little as he obediently followed the blue balloon holding his hand.

Dr Toast was brought to the hive, which displayed a minor hole within its exterior. Upon entering the room he saw Dr Chaotic floating in the corner of the room, bound and contained within a red balloon, though unlike the other prisoners he still had his clothes on. Dr Chaotic could be seen pushing his face against the balloon’s wall while trying to shout to Dr Toast, though his words were completely muffled and inaudible. Two MTF guards were also in the room, sitting up against the wall and completely encased within two separate blue balloons.

It looked as if they were both wearing puffy inflated hazmat suits, both agents left immobile within a tightly inflated interior, still wearing their tactical gear underneath. However their masks and headgear had been removed, their faces visibly squished by the surrounding double-layered rubber, which apparently had also invaded their mouths, leaving them gagged. Both agents could barely move, their balloon prisons merely squeaking softly with every meager squirm they made.

But most bizarrely an unfamiliar instance of SCP 8002-1 floated right beside the hive, one with a crudely humanoid shape and size. With a wide printed-on grin and exaggerated proportions, it looked like the party balloon in the shape of a researcher, complete with a researcher uniform and everything, Albeit with a purplish hue.

Using the duct tape his repair kit contained, he patched over the exposed opening. Once the hole was covered and Dr Toast was finished with his repairs, all instances of SCP 8002-1 released their trapped personnel and returned to the hive. All except four remained, the red balloon holding Dr Chaotic, the purple balloon, and the two blue balloons restraining MTF Agent’s F and Agent Z.

Using another blue balloon, the hive appeared to interrogate the agents using a green balloon’s gas in limited amounts, which was used in combination with another blue balloon to “ask” questions with shapeshifting and simple gestures. SCP 8002 accomplished this by deploying a green balloon, in which the blue balloon suits extended proboscis-like tubes from the inflatable hoods. These tubes then connected to the green balloon and began feeding the aphrodisiac gas for approximately 5 seconds before the balloon suits unraveled from their bodies.

Despite being completely out of it, in what can only be described as a drunken state, the two guards happily spilled the beans as soon as they were released from the blue balloons.

It was later revealed that the researcher and MTF guards were undercover agents of the Chaos Insurgency, hoping to use the breach as a distraction to steal several other SCP objects. However, they were not expecting SCP 8002 to breach and capture them as quickly as it did, resulting in no theft of SCP artifacts. In addition, it turned out that both MTF agents were equipped with cyanide capsules hidden underneath their tongue, which the blue instances of scp-8002-1 prevented them from using by gagging them. These capsules were then safely extracted once they were released, which the balloons cooperatively handed over to foundation staff.

Once Dr chaotic was released from his balloon, he explained that it wasn't until he had entered the chamber that he realized that both the researcher and two MTF agents were working together. The MTF agents held their guns at Chaotic as the researcher damaged SCP 8002, causing balloons to erupt from its nozzles in rapid succession. Before they could fire a single bullet, both of the traitorous MTF agents were completely enveloped in blue balloons, engulfing their bodies like hungry amoebas as their weapons were dissolved by the white balloons. That's when Dr chaotic attempted to initiate containment procedures before he was also apprehended by a blue balloon. As for the researcher responsible for the damage, he was less fortunate than anyone else during the incident. For the first time, a purple balloon was issued from SCP 8002 which quickly grew and enveloped the phony researcher in the same fashion as a red balloon would. The researcher immediately began to struggle, trying to claw his way out in a panic as the balloon soon began to shrink around him. As the balloon reduced in size, its surface became visibly more elastic, stretching and molding around the researcher's limbs as the rubber began to close in on him. Within seconds, the balloon collapsed around him forming a skin-tight seal at the latex squeezed around his form like a Zentai. The researcher’s terrified expression could be seen through the opaque purple surface, letting out a silent scream as he began to claw at the smothering latex. Predictably his hands only slid and slipped across the durable surface, unable to puncture it.

At first chaotic was understandably alarmed, as he believed he was witnessing SCP 8002's first attempt to kill by suffocation. But then the rubber around the researcher’s body began to inflate, as their proportions and extremities began to puff up to cartoonish proportions. but even stranger, the latex began to take on a pattern, decorating itself with a large printed smile and a standard-issue foundation attire. It looked as if the balloon had morphed into a humorous party balloon version of the researcher inside of it, silently floating above the floor as only faint giggles could be heard from within it.

However, even after the drugged MTF imposters were released, the phony researcher remained imprisoned within his purple balloon. Later on, two D-class personnel were brought in to remove the purple balloon from the containment cell, which they accomplished without agitating the hive. Extraction attempts have been made on the balloon, but like the others, the latex cannot be punctured by any available means. A scan was also performed to observe the chaos agent's condition, but the results were inconclusive, likely due to the thick latex containing him.

All on-site personnel were given mandatory counseling to deal with potentially long-lasting trauma from the experiences. However, aside from a few cases of mild bruising from the blue and black balloons, the worst psychological effect among some of the staff was a newfound fear of balloons. Sometimes when going to a party or a celebration of any kind, they never know if the balloons decorating the event could secretly be an instance of SCP 8002-1 hiding in plain sight, ready to lunge at them and snatch them up in a rubbery embrace.

While it caused quite a commotion, much more was learned about SCP 8002 that day, along with some concerns from Foundation staff. Not only did SCP 8002 manage to escape containment, it effortlessly neutralized and apprehended all foundation staff within the east wing, without any casualties or damages to itself or those it had captured. Instances of SCP 8002-1 did this with shocking efficiency, out-maneuvering foundation forces and quickly countering whatever they could throw at it.

Pink balloons would ambush staff with tickles and leave them open to be captured by other balloons. Red balloons would effortlessly chase their targets and envelop them smothering squeeze. Some would even work together to corner staff and cut off escape routes making capture all the easier. Balloons would wrestle their targets when necessary, grappling with staff until they were able to restrain them. Some members of sap would simply be bound by their arms and legs like ropes. While others who were more resistant and difficult to restrain were completely cocooned as the balloons. Since the blue balloons would take on the form of a tightly inflated sleeping bag, squeezing the occupant into submission until they no longer struggled. Black balloons were the most effective neutralizing foundation staff, with even two or three shots being enough to weigh targets down and eventually enfold over them. Clear balloons would be used for cleanup, disarming and removing weapons from targets before their entrapment. And the green balloons were perfect for ambushing, easily subduing targets without harm.

Fortunately, SCP 8002 has remained docile since the event and has made no further attempts to escape or attack staff. On the contrary, it has since resumed its more playful antics, using both its pink and blue balloons, regularly slipping out of the containment chamber in the process.

On occasion, research and security staff would turn a corner or open a door only to be jumped and enveloped in an affectionate hug from a blue balloon. Or a staff member may come to their office ready to do some paperwork, only for a pink balloon to jump out of them from under their desk or a nearby vent followed by a tickle attack. While still harmless and all in good fun on the balloon's part, these pranks have been less than pleasant for some members of foundation staff who were left traumatized by the containment breach. Can't say I blame them, especially working in a facility where you could be ambushed by a balloon when you least expect it, playful or otherwise. I

Instances of SCP 8002-1 don’t exclusively partake in playful pranks, as blue balloons will still make an attempt to entertain and play with staff using their malleable shape-changing properties. Many members who have been victims of its previous containment breach have reported being approached regularly by such instances. While keeping a respective distance, these instances would form funny shapes accompanied by humorous squeaky noises, often getting a laugh out of those they approached. It is believed that scp-8002 may be attempting to make amends with victims of its containment breach, to some degree of success.

 However, given this ability to seemingly navigate its balloons throughout the facility freely, With its pranks and interactions, it is unlikely that the foundation will be able to contain SCP 8002 should another containment breach occur. Though instances of SCP 8002 never attempted to reach quarantine from the East wing, who is to say that they couldn't have just slipped through the cracks in the doors?

For the time being, instances of SCP 8002-1 have been allowed to roam freely around the site, mostly because the foundation has no conceivable way to keep it contained at this time. Even after refitting the containment cell to be as airtight as possible, the balloons continue to effortlessly slip through the cracks. If anything, having the balloons occasionally play with staff keeps morale high, and they do comply when escorted back to containment. Given that SCP 8002 was able to completely overpower foundation personnel, it is in our best interest to maintain a positive relationship with it, thus keeping it in containment by extension. Following this event, SCP 8002’s status has been changed from Euclid to Keter.

Addendum B​​: Upon further examination of the purple balloon responsible for apprehending the Chaos Agent, a research team finally managed to get a working managed scan only to make an alarming discovery. The Chaos Agent wasn't trapped inside of the balloon, it was completely hollow, and somehow they could still hear the giggles of an adult man echoing from inside of it. No vitals could be detected within the balloon, however when attempting an EEG, researchers discovered that it was emitting brain waves, identical to that of a human. It was as if the agent had become the balloon. Not much activity could be detected from the scan, but results suggest that the Chaos Agent is in a constant state of euphoria. This balloon has been given the designation SCP8002-2

Addendum C: Even after the Containment Breach incident, the hive continues to show its favoritism toward Dr chaotic, for whom it has grown increasingly affectionate for. Over the following weeks Dr chaotic has reported a change in their interactions. The balloons would hug him more often, playfully boob his nose as if giving him a playful kiss, and nudge him with red balloons to get his attention even when off duty. But strangest of all is when the balloons rub themselves against him.

Balloons will often gently stroke his cheek, nuzzle up against his chest in a firm hug, and even rub against his thighs, becoming more intimate as if acting out of infatuation. Dr chaotic Describes the SCP’s behavior as being flirty rather than simply playful, getting intimately physical with him like his boyfriend would. Other researchers involved with studying SCP 8002 such as Dr Toast and Dr Helios have backed up his claims, while also expressing some jealousy. On one particularly awkward occasion, Dr Toast Dr Helios would enter 8002’s chamber to study how the entity interacts with Dr Chaotic, but got more than they bargained for. Dr chaotic was enveloped in one of 8002’s red balloons, completely naked and bound by his wrists and ankles Via its blue balloons. all the while several blue balloons would gently rub along his body, with one especially affectionately cuddling up against his cheek.

It took a few hours to coax SCP 8002 into releasing Dr. Chaotic, who only suffered a severe case of humiliation. The doctor was not reprimanded since he clearly did not incite his predicament, nor did it seem like 8002 gave him a choice in the matter. Dr Toast and Dr Helios would then accompany Dr Chaotic more frequently to discourage 8002 from any further “intimacy.” However, this would be far from the last time SCP 8002 would attempt doing so.

Only a few days later, after Dr Chaotic’s shift ended earlier than usual one day, he began making his way out of the building. But he was followed by a red balloon which enveloped him before bringing him back to 8002’s containment chamber, where he was once again disrobed and cuddled for the next 2 hours.

The next day, Dr Chaotic would wake up in his room completely covered by a blue instance of SCP 8002-1, which had wrapped around him like an inflatable onesie. It is speculated that a blue balloon had sneaked into his bag after finishing his shift, or had escaped containment and followed him back to his home. Though he was still able to move, he was unable to take it off, and the instance would simply squeeze tighter when he tried. The balloon would also rub and massage him periodically, almost like he was teasing him. Also, the pajamas he had been wearing that night were left discarded next to his bed. It was safe to say that the balloon had undressed him for this purpose. Unable to use his hands in the inflatable onesie-like suit, Chaotic would use a voice command on his smartphone to call his colleagues for help. Once again, Dr toast and Helios would come to coax the instance into releasing him.

Addendum D: After several incidents of SCP 8002 performing possessive and intimate acts on Dr Chaotic, he was reassigned to prevent any more awkward incidents. Taking his place was Dr ███, who was chosen for her reputation of being strict when working with the more docile anomalies kept by the foundation. It was believed that with a more stern researcher, SCP 8002 would be deterred from any attempts to become intimate. However, upon first entering the containment chamber, SCP 8002 began deploying more red balloons than usual, as if agitated by her presence. Dr ███ would then attempt to communicate with the hive, by demanding that it call off its red balloons. Minutes later, this interaction would end with Dr ███ being wrestled to the floor by a red balloon that had inflated to more than half her size. Despite Dr ███’s, struggles punches, and obscene profanities, she was unable to push the balloon off as it continued to expand over her. It wasn’t until Dr Toast and Dr Helios intervened that they were able to coax 8002 into releasing her.

The next day Dr ███ started her shift early to begin her interaction with scp-8002, without being accompanied by Dr toast and Dr Helios despite being advised otherwise. Dr Toast and Dr Helios would arrive only 15 minutes later, but when opening the door, a large red balloon holding Dr ███ would float out of the chamber and into the hallway. Much to their surprise, she was completely naked, and seemed to be in a dazed euphoric state, consistent with the effects of 8002's green balloons.

Despite Dr Toast and Dr Helios’s attempt to seize the balloon, it continued to float its occupant through the hallways as it began bursting through the reinforced blast doors. It accomplished this by slipping its rubber through the seams, then prying it open enough to burst through, all despite its soft exterior. The balloon would then continue pushing past personnel along with any obstruction in its way before exiting the facility and drifting off into the sky.

While the balloon holding Dr ███ was breaching containment, another red balloon had been deployed to search the halls of the east wing. Once the balloon had located Dr Chaotic, it encapsulated the researcher and carried him back to 8002's containment chamber.

Meanwhile, the Foundation deployed choppers to retrieve the balloon containing Dr ███, which was being tracked via satellite as it floated several miles from the facility. However, once the Choppers were in proximity of the balloon, it made efforts to avoid recapture with surprising maneuverability that should have been impossible for a balloon of its size.

It took approximately 12 hours for the retrieval operation to succeed, and required six different choppers to carry the balloon in tow with a titanium alloy net ensnaring it. This was only after the balloon seemed to visibly lose speed and mobility, looking sluggish and wobbly as if it had grown exhausted. Upon returning to the facility the balloon released Dr ███ without any further resistance. It then deflated back to its original size where it was escorted back to 8002’s containment cell, where Dr Chaotic would once again be found trapped and bound within a red balloon.

At least half a dozen blue balloons were aggressively snuggling the researcher while squeaking frantically, as if the hive was suffering from separation anxiety.

As for Dr ███, her condition remained the same for the next few days, left in a euphoric state after prolonged exposure from the green balloon’s aphrodisiac gas. The researcher would eventually recover within the week, but even after being cleared for active duty, she appeared a lot more cheerful despite her ordeal. Dr ███’s Co coworkers would go on to describe her as if she was a completely different person, being a lot more outgoing, patient, social, and a little clumsy. Most notably, she was much more playful and flirty with her co-workers, even coming to work in high heels and intentionally leaving her shirt slightly unbuttoned, albeit unprofessional of a foundation staff member. Dr ███’s newfound Demeanor would be subject to further study regarding possible long-lasting effects of SCP 8002-1s aphrodisiacs gas.

From then on, Dr. Chaotic would be reinstated as SCP 8002s lead researcher, seeing as the hive is most docile when interacting with those it interacts positively with. And though Dr. Chaotic would continue to be subjected to 8002s intimate shenanigans, no serious incidents have been reported since.

Though this particular incident would be notable for demonstrating more of SCP 8002’s anomalous effects on humans, it was also the first observed instance of weakness shown in instances of 8002–1, where they would seemingly grow weaker the longer they were out of the hive.

Further study into SCP 8002’s behaviors and abilities are ongoing. However, the entity's relationship with foundation staff, fortunately, remains on good terms.
